Path Finding Demo 0.1.1

Project HomePage: 
    
http://code.google.com/p/mycodeplayground/

Code License:
    
MIT License

Author: 
   
 Xueqiao Xu <xueqiaoxu@gmail.com>
    
http://about.me/xueqiaoxu

Desciption:
    
This is a demo visualizing the execution of various path finding algorithms.

    
Curently five algorithms are included:
        
1. A* (using Manhattan distance)
        
2. A* (using Euclidean distance)
        
3. A* (using Chebyshev distance)
        
4. Dijkstra 
        
5. Bi-Directional Breadth-First-Search 

    
This is a Client/Server application. You should start the server first 
   
and then the client. 
    
Also, you can start the server on one machine and run the client on a 
    
different machine, as long as the two machines are connected. 
    
Meanwhile, The server is capable of handling multiple concurrent requests. 


Dependencies:
    Python 2.6+ (2.5 and 3.x is not supported)
    
Pygame (http://pygame.org/download.shtml)

Usage:
    
If you already have the .py filetype associated with the correct 
    
Python interpreter (This is usually done on Windows and MacOS once
    
Python is installed), simply double click on server.py and client.py.

    
Otherwise, open your terminal, navigate to the folder containing the
    
source files, and execute:
        
python server.py
    Open another terminal, and execute:
        
python client.py

    By default, the server starts on 127.0.0.1(localhost) and uses the 
    
port 31416.
    If you want to specify another port, add options while executing
    
the server.py.
    
For example:
        
python server.py -p 27183
    
    
As stated in the description section above, you can start the server on
    
one machine and start the client on another machine, as long as these
    
two machines are connected. If you want to connect to a remote server,
    
add options while executing the client.
    
For example:
        
python client.py -a 172.18.241.2 -p 27183

Updates:
    
version 0.1.1 Feb 17 2011
    
Add: If client fails to connect to the server, it will continuously 
         
attemp to connect every 5 seconds. Related Notification is also added.
    
Add: Window icons.
    Fix: Asynchat related message queue issue.
    
Fix: Working directory related issue.
    
Chg: Refactored some codes, and added more documents and comments.

    
version 0.1.0 Feb 12 2011
    
First version of Path Finding
